NOTE: this story is shared under the unlicense, so feel free to use this for whatever purpose you wish :)

I ran down the stairs in my usal rush off to college, even though im never running late. I grabbed my luch and put it in my bag, then grabbed my phone, thinkpad and headphones and powered it on, and a few seconds later logged in, then put on some music, put it in my bag, then left for my day.

i Reached college with 30 minutes to spare like normal. I wondered up to the top floor where im based.

The day was pretty normal, first lesson, virtualization, second lesson tutorial but after that it was no longer normal. Lunchtime rolled around, i wondered down the stairs to the shop, and as i felt thirsty i brought 2 bottles of water, plus a bottle of ice coffee to keep me awake.

Most of lunch went the same as it normally does, programming in my lunch break, this week was spent learning rust.

I went to the toilet, it was closed due to it being flooded, not a porblem i thought to myself, ill just head down 2 floors to the next set of toilets, it was full, and didn't look like they would be coming out anytime soon, so finally i headed to the bottom floor, and made my way down the coridor, it was closed for cleaning. Bugger i thought to myself, feeling a little more despration in my need for the toilet.

My teacher from the first lesson walked past, while i wasn't looking, and scared me, my bladder gave way, i couldn't belive it, i was wetting myself. Hy teacher laughed, and said, it wasn't that scary was it?.


I had this teacher next lesson, what was i going to do?, i decided to just play it cool, but then i had a text message from my mum telling me shes outside, and that i should bring a bag. Igot permission to leave the class, and went to see my mum, she handed me new clothes.

The rest of the day went pretty normally.

My mum had not said anything to anyone at home, as no  laughed at me. I spent the day in my room finishing up on assignment work, and working more on my rust based chat platform, and toying around with services on my server.

I went to slep at my usual time, 1:30AM. i awoke at 5AM, and was ready to reapeat the same cycle i had yesterday, minus the wetting myself part.......

I awoke at 4:30AM a more respectable time in my books, got dressed for the day, and picked my clothes from the night before, and took them downstairs into the washing basket, and made myself some tea, and went back up stairs and grabbed my thinkpad and sat downstairs working for a few hours before i had to leave for class.

I finished up getting ready to go, and i left to get the bus, i steped outside of my parents house. I then pulled out a bootklet of papers and roaches and rolled myself a spilff for this evening as its a friday after all, i pulled som alskan thunder out of my pocket and ground it and finished rolling a spliff then continued walking.

i got about half way to the bus stop when i had a thought, like i normally do, normally its about, say the compounds used to make money, which i later figured out is a syntecic cotten. But this time it was diffrent... i had a thought about the compunds used in diapers, that make them absorbant, and this thought lead me on to a chain of other thoughts, about what it would be like to wear a diaper, what it feels like, and considering what happened the day before, it makes sense really.

so i had a thought, i was going to go and buy some after class today, so i got into class and sat through the lessons, and worked on my assignment etc, then finally i was finished, i had a few final thoughts, how much would they cost? and where would i get them from? what size would i need?, how would i put them on? , i figured that they wouldn't be more then £15 at most otherwise parents wouldn't buy them, and the pharmacy would normally be a good bet, and i'm pretty much an adult, and i have a small build, so i figured a small adults size should be sufficent. As for the how would i put them on question, i was hoping there was instructions on the packet.

i got to the pharmacy, and wondered around the shop for the nappies, i finally found them towards the back of the store, i suppose for discrestion, to my amazment they were only £10 for some "slips"... not sure what that means but they look okay. so i brought them in small.

i purchaced them, and opted for using the self service till, insted of possibly having to interact with another human, but i didn't notice one of my classmates was behind me, and saw what i was buying, but said nothing.

i put them in my bag, and wondered off unaware of my vlassmate futuher back in the qeue. I then went to the disabled toilet in the mall, it was clean.. cleaner then most public toilets ive been into before, so i got out the pack of nappies, and read how to put them on, and i then followed the instructions, it was very soft, but i'm not sure if all nappies are like this or what, but they feel kinda cheap, and like they will fal apart.

i put my trousers back on and decided to wonder around in it, to get more used to it. so i roamed around the town like i normally do, but this time i was diapered, i could hear it faintly crinckling, but apperntly no one else did or if they did, they simply didn't care. i had drank a fair amount of water that day so i needed to pee, then i reliased, hang on this is what this thing around my waist is for, i then tried my best to relax, then i rembered that i have a spliff in my bag, so i pulled it out and smoked it. I don't like smoking in public becuase it can inconvience others, and get in there way. but after i was done smoking this spliff, i felt a lot more relaxed, and then i was finally able to relax enough for my bladder to let go. it felt very strange, and warm.

i then wondered around a bit more, then changed back intpo my regular underwear, and went home, like normal, then i put my bag down in my room, wait what am i going to do about the pack of nappies i thought to my self, i then found some space in ont of my draws for them, and hoped my parents didn't start looking through my stuff.

the day contined like normal, i setup a minecraft server on my server in the evening, and played with some friends. I did what i normally do on the weekends, nothing related to classwork, and whatever i feel like.

it got to 11 PM and i had drank about 2 litres of tea, like i normally do, the only downside to that is i need to pee a lot, i wandered to the bathroom and walked into everything else on the way there, im really supprised i didn't wake any body up honestly.

i went back to my room after i was finished and went to sleep.

I awoke to my server sounding really loud, Fuck i muttered under my breath, i
was being DDoSed, or something else thats pushing my system too hard, probably
the former option, so i pulled up a VPN and starting monitoring packets to
less if i could work out where it was coming from... then i got it, the US... i'll look at
that IP later, though i have a feeling i know who it is, i thought, then i
went off to get dressed while my server cooled down, then i stopped and
rembered it was saturday, and i looked at the time as it was dark outside, i'm
always too lazy to close my curtains so i leave them open all the time. it was
dark out, pitch black infact, i looked at the time, 4:23AM, then i rembered
about the nappies, as no one was awake, i could probably put one on.

I went to the draw and pulled one out, and did it up, using my phone as a
light source, i put on some pajama bottoms over it, it felt thicker then it
did before, but maybe it was just becuase it was under thinner clothing.

I put my phone back on charge, and just left my thinkpad on as it was on its
dock, so it would charge anyways, then i went back to bed for a bit, and
started to dose off a bit, then the urge to pee hit me again, so i just laid
there and wet myself, about 30 minutes passed, and i felt stomach cramps, i
thought for a futher 3 or so minutes, about what i should do, in the end as i
was comfortable, and i didn't wake people up by undo the tapes, or get caught,
becuase it would be a bit awkward to explain to my parents, so i stood up a
bit and pushed, it felt really strange but eventually i messed myself.

It smelt kinda funny, not bad, though, just strange, i tripped over my shoes
onto my butt and the mess squished against my body, it was warm, and kinda
sticky, i felt kinda strange in it, but figured it was for science, so what
the hay, i then decided to fall back asleep in it, and i kid you not, i had
the best sleep in a long time, wethier that was becuase it was kinda warm in
my room, or from the nappy, or the fact that i no longer had stomach cramps,
who knows.

I awoke later in the morning, and forgot i was in a nappy, let alone a messy
one, until i rolled over. I started to feel a bit sticky and sore, so i decied
to run a bath before anything. Then i put the dirty nappy in a bag and got
dressed and then instantly ran outside to throw it away. Then i returned
inside and made tea, and did some college work, and worked on my website and
psuhed it to git, and then went for dinner and the day was pretty normal.

I awoke after a uneventful day, just more development etc, i got up, and got ready for my day, today i was going to go and get something for my exema, and just generally doing some shopping. I got ready to go, and left.

Me and my mum were looking around the pharamcy, we walked past the isle i was just days before, i looked down hoping the staff didn't notice me, or if they did, they don't rember what i came in for, the staff in places like this aren't allowed to jugde you, but they do secretly. We walked past another isle that for some reason caught my attention, the baby isle, i stared as i walked past, trying hard to not make it obvious i was looking at the contents of the shelves. We didn't find what we were after, but i knew where i ould get it, so i asked my mum if i could wonder off, and that ill keep an eye out for the exema cream. SHe agreed to let me go, she said to meet her at the cafe at 3PM (it was 12 something currently so plently of time).

I wondered off into a Holland and Barret a few stores away, i had never actully been in one of these stores before, but they are health stores, so id assume they'd have it), i wanlked in, and wondered around, then i found some hemp powder, i continued to wonder around intregded by the hemp powder, is that like kief powder? since they are fundamentally the same family of plant. I found what i was looking for, i was suprised that it was hemp, i purchased it and left.

I then returned to the pharmacy and took a closer look at the baby isle, i wondered down, looking at the bottles and chuckled to myself, that would be very hard to explain to my parents. I continuted to wonder around the isle, realizing there is more then one baby isles, i explored them. I had my wallet with me, so i could buy some stuff if i wanted, and was quite tempted by some plastic cuttlery, no idea why, i picked it up and headed to the till to pay, paid then left and put them in my bag.

I still had a few hours to kill, so i decided to get some food, well by food i mean a doughnut, and a subway. Then returned to the high street, and noticed something there was a mothercare, which is basiclly a baby shop, i went in, kinda neriously, and started browsing, i decided to pick up some wipes, and nappy sacks to help with clean up, in case i end up in a messy nappy again at any point, i went to the till and paid like normal.

I then met up with my mum at the cafe, where we got some tea, and ended up with a whole pot each, not the single cup, but it was okay as busses were every 10 minutes back to where we lived, so there was no rush to get back.

We then left to do a little bit of other shopping as my mum had a few things left to get, while she was looking around i ran to the bathroom, which was horrible and smelt strange, the cleaners don't doo a very good job of keeping this place clean but then again its a public bathroom, what was i to expect. I did what i needed and returned to my mum to go home.

When we got home, no one else was home, my mum was listening to music on her tablet, So i decided to wear another nappy, and also listen to some music. The tea was still in my body, so i had to pee a fiar amount still, so i just decided to wet my nappy.

Later on i leaked a little bit and decided it was time to change back into regular clothes, so i did, and put the wet nappy in a bag and then grabbed a towel to clean up the damp parts of my chair where i had leaked. The remainder of the day went normally.

The Following day was a monday, which means i have to go to college, so i got up and did my normal morning routine, and left to get on the bus, today my mind was just blank, and i had nothing random to think about, which was strange, but not concering.


######## to bo continued ######
